1| PyTorchCV
PyTorchCV is a PyTorch-based framework for computer 
vision tasks. The framework is a collection of image 
classification, segmentation, detection, and pose estimation 
models. There are a number of implemented models in this 
framework, including AlexNet, ResNet, ResNeXt, PyramidNet, 
SparseNet, DRN-C/DRN-D and more. 
2|SimpleCV
SimpleCV is one of the popular machine vision frameworks for 
building computer vision applications. Written in Python, this 
library helps in getting access to several high-powered 
computer vision libraries such as OpenCV.
The framework is a collection of libraries and software that can 
be used to develop vision applications. It provides a concise, 
readable interface for cameras, image manipulation, feature 
extraction and format conversion. It also allows user to work 
with the images or video streams that come from webcams, 
Kinects, FireWire and IP cameras, or mobile phones.
3| Scikit-Image
Scikit-Image is a popular and open-source Python library that 
includes a collection of algorithms for image processing. It is 
basically an image processing toolbox for SciPy. The library is 
built on scipy.ndimage to provide a versatile set of image 
processing routines in Python language. This image 
processing library provides a well-documented API in the 
Python programming language and implements algorithms 
and utilities for use in research, education and industry 
applications.
4| Pytessarct
Pytessarct or Python-tesseract is an optical character 
recognition (OCR) tool for the Python language. This tool is a 
wrapper for Google’s Tesseract-OCR Engine and helps in 
recognising and reading the text embedded in an image.
The tool is also useful as a stand-alone invocation script to 
tesseract, as it can read all image types supported by the 
Pillow and Leptonica imaging libraries, including jpeg, png, gif, 
bmp, tiff, and others.
5| fastai
fastai is a deep learning library that provides high-level 
components which can quickly and easily provide state-of-theart results in standard deep learning domains. It also provides 
researchers with low-level components that can be mixed and 
matched to build new approaches.
fastai includes various features, such as a GPUoptimised computer vision library which can be extended in 
pure Python, a new type dispatch system for Python along 
with a semantic type hierarchy for tensors and more
